docs/Files/MSE/index.md, before:

# Demo of Mid Semester Examination (MSE) Oct 2020

1. Self register for course "GD testing course" at [GD](https://guru.gndec.ac.in/enrol/index.php?id=866). At bottom of page enter Emrolemnt Key (under MSE_Demo). You must have got emrolment key from your teacher / HoD via WhatsApp / Email / SMS.
1. Go to "This course" -> Quizzes, click on "MSE Part A" against 12 April - 18.
1. There you will find links to download "Safe Exam Browser" and "Download configuration".
1. Download both.
1. Install Safe Exam Browser.
1. Open Downloaded Configuration. It will open in Safe Exam Browser.
1. Login to guru.gndec.ac.in with your login credentials.
1. Ensure you are joined to Zoom room as per your mentors instruction for Demo Test, and per your HoD's instuctions for actual MSE.
Without Zoom room you may attempt demo, but you need to do it once with your mentor.
1. Make sure your webcam and mic is on.
1. Attempt Quiz, password is `MySecretPassword`
1. Once submitted (be careful, there will many confirmation required from you), you Terminate Session or Quit Safe Exam Browser from bottom left, which also need password.
1. Password is `IQuit`.

Commit message:

Attempt on Mobile is covered.

docs/Files/MSE/index.md, after:

# Demo of Mid Semester Examination (MSE) Oct 2020

1. Self register for course "GD testing course" at [GD](https://guru.gndec.ac.in/enrol/index.php?id=866). At bottom of page enter Emrolemnt Key (under MSE_Demo). You must have got emrolment key from your teacher / HoD via WhatsApp / Email / SMS.
1. Ensure you are joined to Zoom room as per your mentors instruction for Demo Test, and per your HoD's instuctions for actual MSE.
Without Zoom room you may attempt demo, but you need to do it once with your mentor.
1. Make sure your webcam and mic is on.
1. Go to "This course" -> Quizzes, click on "MSE Part A" against 12 April - 18, if you wish to use Safe Exam Browser (higly recommended). This can't b edon eon Mobile, attemp on Laptop or Desktop with webcam. If you don't habe such laptop or desktop, then arrange it.
1. On mobile, you may use [Mobile App](https://moodle.com/app/#mobile-app), or Google Chrome / FireFox browser.
1. Quiz is password protected, when asked, use `MySecretPassword` as password.
1. Following steps are for non-mobile users:
    1. If laptop / desktop is not possibel, then you need to inform us in advance, and attemp quiz "MSE Part A Mobile" against 12 April - 18
    1. There you will find links to download "Safe Exam Browser" and "Download configuration".
    1. Download both.
    1. Install Safe Exam Browser.
    1. Open Downloaded Configuration. It will open in Safe Exam Browser.
    1. Login to guru.gndec.ac.in with your login credentials.
    1. Attempt Quiz, using password
    1. Once submitted (be careful, there will many confirmation required from you), you Terminate Session or Quit Safe Exam Browser from bottom left, which also need password.
    1. Password is `IQuit`.
